-: Welcome back.
Let's go back to our GitHub repository and enter
into the section 0 8 0 6 deploy external DNS on EKS.
And as part of step zero one introduction,
we already know what we are going to implement
as part of this external DNS.
So let's go to our step two here
which is create IAM policy.
So this IAM policy will allow
external DNS part to
add, remove DNS entries are record sets in hosted zone in
AWS Route 53 service.
So let's go to AWS management console and go
to IAM service
and go to policies here
and click on create a policy and go to the Jason tab
and in the visual editor add this policy, right?
So whatever the policy here it is there,
add it and then name the policy
as allow external updates and then create that policy.
So click on policies
and create a policy and go to the Jason tab.
And so let me remove this
and go here and add this entire thing.
Copy and paste it, right?
And go to the visual editor tab.
And you can see here it will be like Route 53.
And Route 53 change resource record sets is one thing
inside the hosted zone, any hosted zone.
And in route 53 you have something called list hosted zones
and list resource record sets.
So these are the permissions we have given currently.
So let me minimize this and click on next and no tags.
So we'll provide the name here.
So the name here is,
allow external DNS updates
and allow access to Route 53 resources
for external DNS is the description.
And click on create the policy.
So once the policy is created
we'll move on to the next step, right?
So we'll make a note of the policy ARN.
So in your case it is going to be different
because your AWS account ID will be present here.
Maybe the name might be same but your AWS account
ID will be different here.
So this is allow external DNS updates and
from here you can take the ARN and then make a note of it.
So this is the ARN,
we need to make a note of.
And now in step zero three we are going to create
a IAM role Kubernetes service account and associate that
IAM policy.
All these things, right?
Creating a IAM role and annotate that IAM role inside
this Kubernetes service account and also associate
IAM policy to IAM role.
So all these things can be done using one command in
eksctl CLI, right?
So that is called EKS CTL
create IAM service account.
So using this IAM is nothing but creating a IAM role.
And in this part service account is nothing
but Kubernetes service account.
So IAM service account,
what it does is,
so it'll create a Kubernetes
service account named external DNS and also it
creates a AWS IAM role and also associates them
by annotating a role ARN in service account.
So this external DNS service account will be
annotated with the IAM role it is going to create.
And in addition to that the
allow external DNS updates
IAM policy whatever we have created in step two.
So that one will be associated to the IAM role,
it is going to create.
Accordingly you can see here
eksctl create IAM service account,
a name of the service account you need to provide
and in which name space in the Kubernetes this
service account should be created so far as it
is going to be in the default name space, right?
So the default name space and the cluster, right?
The name of your EKS cluster and also the policy,
IAM policy that need to be attached.
IAM policy ARN
and whatever we have made a note here and we are going to
approve and override any existing service
accounts with the same name, right?
So this is the command,
it replays the name external
DNS will be the name of my service account
and name space it is going to be
default name space
and cluster it is going to be EKS demo one
and IAM policy ARN, right?
So whatever you have took the note
in step two in your case this is going to change
and this,
mainly your AWS account ID will change here.
So we'll place that allow external DNS updates
policy related ARN
and rest approve and override existing service account.
These two are same.
So let me copy this and go here and provide this command.
And this should create the Kubernetes service account
and also it need to create a IAM role for us, right?
So it's getting created, existing account will be updated
as override existing service accounts was set.
So let's wait for it.
It is going to create a cloud format and stack for us.
So this is completely,
eksctl is automated,
means like the CLI is triggering to create a cloud format
and stack for us with the details whatever we have provided.
So let's wait for the service account to get created
and after that we can search for kubectl get
and then SCA is nothing but service account external DNS.
And you should find
that external DNS in our default name space.
So it is created now.
So we'll say kubectl get SCA
it'll list the service accounts present
in your local default name space.
So let's wait for it.
So you can see external DNS related service
account created 11 seconds before, right?
So let me say kubectl
describe SCA
and then you'll say external hyphen DNS, right?
So you are describing
that external DNS related service account and you'll
in the annotations you can find
eks.amazonaws.com/roleARN
and it has a IAM role ARN.
So this IAM role
is created and associated with
this external DNS.
So now let's come back here, right?
And verify,
go to the cloud formation stack and verify.
So let's go to services
and go to cloud formation.
And in cloud formation we'll find this equivalent stack.
So we'll find it here.
Eksctl, EKS demo one add on IAM service account
with in the default name space whose name is external DNS.
So let's open it.
And if you see here in the resources, right?
In the resources section.
So let me close this.
You can see the physical ID,
this is the IAM service account it has created.
So which is nothing but IAM role it has created.
So if you click on this physical ID, right?
It'll take us to the IAM role it has created.
So this is the IAM role it created and this is
the IAM role ARN and we need to make a note of
this role ARN.
Note of this IAM role ARN,
in this approach.
Or we can also get the IAM role using
eksctl get IAM service account
and the cluster name is EKS demo one.
So using this command also we can get the IAM role ARN.
So let's run this command eksctl get IAM service
account and in cluster EKS demo one.
So it should provide us two IAM service accounts.
One we have created for AWS load balancer controller
and one which we recently created, which is external DNS.
And from here also we can make a note of this role ARN.
So why do we need to make a note
of this role ARN is in the next step whenever
we are updating the external DNS related manifest.
So there we need to provide this role ARN.
So that external DNS pod is the reference
for this role ARN from that respective manifest.
So now let's come back here
and in our next step we are going to move to
step zero four to discuss
about our review the external DNS Kubernetes manifest.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye thank you.